ladies and gentlemen we invited to the
scale first here is the Challenger he is
the interim WBC welterweight world
champion Robert the ghost
River kanata weighs in at 147 pounds 147
for Roberts get it all
and now ladies and gentlemen here he is
the defending WBC welterweight champion
of the world Floyd
Oh
Floyd Mayweather weighs in at a ready
146 pounds
146 sometimes how the weight can be
indicative of the training camp your
thoughts on that I think it's intriguing
that he fought at a higher weight than
147 last time he's at 146 and rapid
growth Amanda totally come up Roli has
come up
from two weight classes
is a gun 40
intensity simulate here
who
what
the world
clearly Guerrero is saying in a
nonverbal fashion I'm not going anywhere
yeah yeah he looks ready man like I said
these are just things for us to talk
about but you know what judging from
that stare down
doing his usual spiel yeah she didn't
talk this time a lot of time he talks
but you look very focused as well both
guys ready man they don't let me
complaint right now the electricity just
went up quite a bit in this room when
the two guys got close to each other for
those of you that have not seen way it
was recently in big fights this is not
your father's way and this is what it
has now become in big time boxing a lot
of excitement a lot of attention
let's go down to the stage now and Jim
Gray gym
alright Brian thank you very much Floyd
you just had to stare down there
going through your mind while that's
happening it's great
the audience great the audience is great
the fans have been great the promotion
for this is unbelievable I'm in tip-top
shape and a great training can be ready
to fight you have not been in this
position for a year your first time
you've been on a scale in one year last
time we saw you was against Kota you
said you got hit by some shots that you
shouldn't have gotten hit by what can
these fans expect tomorrow night for me
Floyd it's all about blood sweat and
tears of course I come from a boxing
family i said my blood is embedded in me
all ready to go out there and do what I
do best and that's deep it joins
obviously everybody's anxious to see
what goes on between you and Guerrero
was there anything that concerns you
about him and the way he fights like I
said before I always control the tempo
you know my thing is to go out there and
be me listen to what my dad brings to
the table and go out there and execute
the game plan Floyd we look forward to
tomorrow night thank you all right back
to you Brian the F fellas exploit senior
in the corner now hit training and Floyd
Mayweather or not his Uncle Roger
Mayweather hey Guerrero is enjoying this
soaking it up and defiant against the
booze yeah he's not he's not in fear you
know we've talked about this before in
the past you know this is a guy who's
been calling out the Floyd Mayweather
for years Jim Gray is standing by now
with the challenge of Robert Guerrero
all right Brian thank you very much
Robert you said to us yesterday you've
not been intimidated by Floyd at all
throughout this process and that's what
gets to most guys when you were just
standing right up there right now face
to face what are you thinking about and
were you intimidated I'm thinking about
getting down that's what I'm thinking
about
it sounds the rock and roll man and
nobody ain't imitating me we're getting
that ring it's on that's it hey Robert
this is the biggest stage that you will
have ever been on and it's your biggest
opportunity what do you have to do
tomorrow night in the ring to take
advantage of this we gotta beat him down
that's what we got to do we're going to
take full advantage of him
Robert appreciate it best of luck
tomorrow night thank you Jim all right
back to you Brian